these are Diplodocus heading for a
nesting site to the south it is a grim
journey for these mighty creatures and
the heat and lack of drinking water
weeds out the weaker animals predators
know this predators like Al he is now
five years old and although he is nine
meters long he is not yet fully grown al
is an experienced hunter but the herd
itself presents a formidable barrier to
predators
still owl is not the only predator
stalking the herd they can all smell
that one of the Diplodocus is in a very
bad way
the Predators are getting impatient they
need to break up the herd and isolate
the weak link
the panicked herd has left the sick
Diplodocus far behind the Allosaurus
gather for the feast however even a sick
and exhausted Diplodocus is a fearsome
adversary
built for speed al is frequently wounded
in such situations but he cannot afford
to let this slow him down the
competition is too intense
the other carnivores hold back and wait
for time and the heat to finish the
giant herbivore
after several hours heat exhaustion and
his illness bring the Diplodocus to his
knees